sprites:NewSpriteLayer(string "image", number depth)
First parameter: The path of the image (Note: include file extension, e.g., .png, .jpg).
Second parameter: The layer depth for the image (must be a number, with higher numbers indicating higher layers).
Return: A table.

sprites:Update()
Typically called in the scene's update function.

sprites:Draw()
Typically called in the scene's draw function.

sprite Methods:

sprite:MoveSpeed(number x, number y)
Set a fixed movement speed for the sprite at a specific time point.

sprite:RotateSpeed(number r)
Set a fixed rotation speed for the sprite at a specific time point.

sprite:Move(number x, number y)
Move the sprite.

sprite:MoveTo(number x, number y)
Move the sprite to a specific location.

sprite:Scale(number x, number y)
Scale the sprite.

sprite:Remove() or sprite:Destroy()
Automatically remove the sprite.

sprite:SetStencil(table masks, string mode, number value)
masks is a table of masks created using masks:New().
mode has the following options:

"never": Never pass the test (template value is not modified).
"less": Pass the test when the fragment's template value is less than the reference value.
"lequal": Pass the test when the fragment's template value is less than or equal to the reference value.
"equal": Pass the test when the fragment's template value equals the reference value.
"gequal": Pass the test when the fragment's template value is greater than or equal to the reference value.
"greater": Pass the test when the fragment's template value is greater than the reference value.
"notequal": Pass the test when the fragment's template value is not equal to the reference value.
"always": Always pass the test (template value is always valid).
value is a natural number.

sprite:NoStencil()
Disable the use of masks.

sprite:Shear(number axisX, number axisY)
Apply "shearing" transformation to the sprite.

sprite:Set(string path)
Set the sprite's image to the one at the specified path.

sprite:SetAnimation(table spriteaux, number frequency)
Make the sprite cycle through images from spriteaux in order, changing to the next image every frequency frames.
Other variables:

sprite.animmode: The animation mode of the sprite.
oneshotempty: Play once and disappear.
oneshot: Play once.
Others are looped animations.
sprite.animindex: The index of the current image in the animation sequence.
sprite:GetName()
Returns the path of the sprite's image (using sprite.path is preferred).